Add Generic Forwarding documentation (#1872)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/operations/generic_forwarding.md

---
title: Generic forwarding
weight: 13
---

# Generic forwarding

> Generic forwarding is a feature that allows asynchronous replication of ingested traces. The distributor will write received spans to both the ingester and defined endpoints if enabled. This feature works in a "best-effort" manner, meaning that no retries happen if an error occurs during replication. 

Reviewer: Good explanation of the forwarder. I've made a suggestion to tighten the content a little. 

The second sentence says "The distributor"... What does this refer to? We haven't used this term before in this page. 
```suggestion
Generic forwarding allows asynchronous replication of ingested traces. The distributor writes received spans to both the ingester and defined endpoints, if enabled. This feature works in a "best-effort" manner, meaning that no retries happen if an error occurs during replication. 
```

Author: The forwarder is a new subcomponent of the distributor. It wasn't there before.

Author: Applied your suggestion.

> Warning: Generic forwarding does not work retroactively. The distributor will replicate only freshly ingested spans once this feature is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Warning:** Generic forwarding does not work retroactively. Once enabled, the distributor only replicates freshly ingested spans once this feature.
```

Author: Done

## Configuration

> Enabling generic forwarding requires the configuration of two sections. First, define a list of forwarders in the `distributor` section. Each forwarder must specify a unique `name`, supported `backend`, and backend-specific configuration. Second, reference these forwarders in the `overrides` section. This allows for fine-grained control over forwarding and makes it possible to enable this feature globally or on a per-tenant basis.

Reviewer: Should this paragraph really be a numbered procedure?

Author: Hmm, you can't have (2) if you didn't set up (1) in the first place.
